Added reinforcement learning task description (#385)
huggingface/hub-docs: tasks/src/Reinforcement-learning/about.md

## Use Cases

### Robotics

> Reinforcement learning can be used to teach robots how to perform tasks by providing them with feedback about their performance. For example, a robot might be given a score for each task it completes, and the robot can use reinforcement learning to learn how to improve its performance by trial and error.

Reviewer: Can you explain a bit more about this and avoid using passive voice? 🙂

> Reinforcement learning is used in robotics to enable robots to learn from experience and improve their performance over time. For example, a robot might be programmed to clean a floor by starting in one corner and moving in a straight line until it reaches the other corner. If the robot encounters an obstacle, it will learn from this experience and try a different route the next time it cleans the floor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reinforcement learning is used in robotics to enable robots to learn from experience and improve their performance over time. For example, a robot might be programmed to clean a floor by starting in one corner and moving in a straight line until it reaches the other corner. If the robot encounters an obstacle, it will learn from this experience and try a different route the next time it cleans the floor.
```
Does this really apply, the robots have sensors no? I don't think RL is needed for this. I'd try not to give too much detail about it. WDYT @simoninithomas

Reviewer 2: It depends on the setting but I would change to:

Reinforcement learning is used in robotics to enable robots to learn from experience and improve their performance over time. For example, a robot might **have the goal to clean** a floor by starting in one corner and moving in a straight line until it reaches the other corner. If the robot encounters an obstacle, it will learn from this experience and try a different route the next time it cleans the floor.

### Gaming

> Reinforcement learning is used in gaming to help agents learn how to optimally play a game. This is done by providing the agent with feedback in the form of rewards or punishments after each action is taken. Over time, the agent will learn which actions lead to the highest rewards and will adjust its behaviour accordingly.

Reviewer: Can you elaborate a little more and avoid using passive voice and maybe explain what an agent is? 🙂

> Reinforcement learning is used in gaming to provide game characters with a set of possible actions and then reward them for selecting the optimal action. This allows game characters to learn from their mistakes and eventually become better at choosing the optimal actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reinforcement learning is used in video games to provide non-playable characters with a set of possible actions. The trained model then rewards them for selecting the optimal action. This allows non-playable characters to learn from their mistakes and eventually become better at choosing the optimal actions.
```

Reviewer 2: In game industry we don't use RL as replace of NPC (non playable characters) we use FSM (finite state machine), Behavior Tree or GOAP settings.

But I'm agree that's a good explanation so we can keep this way.
